Update quotes.txt (#2587)
crawl/crawl: crawl-ref/source/dat/descript/quotes.txt

 boundless earth.”
    -Hesiod, _Theogony_, 182-187, trans. H.G. Evelyn-White. 1920
%%%%
Mephitic Cloud spell

"For the past few years Asiatic cholera had shown a strong tendency to spread.
 Its source was the hot, moist swamps of the delta of the Ganges, where it bred
 in the mephitic air of that primeval island-jungle, among whose bamboo thickets
 the tiger crouches, where life of every sort flourishes in rankest abundance,
 and only man avoids the spot."

>     -Thomas Mann, _Diaries_.

Reviewer: For quotes we prefer the quote in the original language, or if translated cite the translation you're using as well. For Mann's *Diaries*, if you're citing the English edition I think there is only one translation out there (I didn't spend too long with the library database). If you decide to find the German I think there is both the unedited transcription and an abridged version, so do specify the correct source.

Author: Turns out I misunderstood the quotation source and it's actually from "Death in Venice", which is more satisfying anway. I'll update.
Question about the language. I have the German version. Are you suggesting to include this in the English game?
Should it come along with a translation?

Reviewer: Place it in the original German, without a translation. We have quotes in Latin ;)

%%%%
wand of charming

"But it isn't charm as veneer, as facilitating ooze or unguent,
 but charm that identifies and goes out to meet itself in others
 wherever it may be met with."

>     -Michael Hofmann, "Hell, he'll be be frozen stiff!"

Reviewer: For poems, include a year. Also use the `“` and `”` quotation marks, not `"`.

%%%%
wand of charming

“But it isn't charm as veneer, as facilitating ooze or unguent,
 but charm that identifies and goes out to meet itself in others
 wherever it may be met with.”

>     -Michael Hofmann, “Hell, he'll be frozen stiff!”, LRB, 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -Michael Hofmann, “Hell, he'll be frozen stiff!”, London Review of Books, 2022.
```

>     -Michael Hofmann, “Hell, he'll be frozen stiff!”, London Review of Books, 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -Michael Hofmann, “Hell, he'll be frozen stiff!”, London Review of Books,
     2022.
```
